{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13100\viewh14100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \

\f1\b Note for the CCG analysis MATLAB scripts:
\f0\b0 \
\
The CCG image analysis contains two parts. The first part performs cell typing, and the second part performs parameter extraction with the mathematical model. \
\
*\
\
For the first part, microscopy images were used as input and the main script  \'93call_double_marker.m\'94 analyzed the image via a pipeline of scripts, including cell recognition (by phase contrast image) and cell marker recognition (by fluorescence spots in cells). The pipeline also utilized scripts collection \'93segmentation tools\'94 and \'93cell_cord_tools\'94, which are general MATLAB scripts for cell recognition and cell contour analysis. \
\
The output of this part is a list of cell sizes and cell types, from all cells in the input images. The output was saved as \'93cell size distribution data\'93. \
\
*\
\
For the second part, the script used cell size distribution data and the CCG mathematical model to extract the parameters, including the estimated cell size for each cell type, relative growth rate and cell cycle time for each cell type, and the null hypothesis for relative fraction of each cell type. \
\
The function of the MATLAB scripts are:\
\
(1) Extract_parameter.m: This is the main script of the analysis; calling the other subroutines.\
\
(2) sub_CCG_analysis: This script analyzed the cell size distribution (output of the first part) and convert them info histograms. Then, the intersects of the histograms were used to estimate the initial and final cell sizes of each cell cycle stages (see Materials and Methods, section \'93Parameter extraction\'94 ).\
\
(3) sub_GR_analysis_CCG_V2.m:  This script utilized the CCG mathematical model (described in Materials and Methods, section \'93Mathematical model on stage-age distribution and growth rate\'94) and calculates the parameters based on the initial/final cell sizes and relative cell fractions of each cell types. \
\
\
}