{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset136 STHeitiTC-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green68\blue254;\red46\green111\blue253;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15200\viewh9800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
This folder contains simulation scripts about \cf2 autocatalytic double repressilator\cf0 , described in Figure 2F-2G and Supplementary Figure S3.\
\
By varying the parameter \cf3 alpha\cf0 , this model could exhibit various type of growth modalities,\
including periodic, quasi-periodic and chaos. \
\
1. Autocataytic repressilator (basic):  \
\
Simple codes to simulation autocataytic repressilator, generate solution trajectory Y(t) in the rescaled space. \
\
There are two scripts, one without noise and another one with noise in the model. \
The one with noise take significantly longer time in simulation, reducing error tolerance can increase simulation time. \
\
2. P-section\
\
The scripts record the point on Poincare section \{Y2=0\} of the projected trajectory (i.e. Y(t) projected on \{Y2-Y3\} space). The result is used in Figure S3A. \
\
The original plot of Figure S3A is also attached here, in Matlab .fig format.  The plot contains detail information on bifurcation and can be inspected by zooming in specific regime. \
\
\
3.  LLE calculation \
\
This script calculates the largest Lyapunov exponent (LLE) and long-term growth rate of the trajectory Y(t).  See Supplementary Materials for detailed algorithm. The results are used in Figure S3B, S3C. \
\
\
\
\
}