{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset136 STHeitiTC-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green68\blue254;\red254\green112\blue56;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c26667\c99608;\csgenericrgb\c99608\c43922\c21961;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17180\viewh12440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
This folder contains simulation scripts about \cf2 random network model\cf0 , as described in Figure S6. The script generates an ensemble of random networks, and analyze the fraction of the random network which is autocatalytic.  The random network is generated according to rules described in Supplementary Materials.\
\
\cf2 1. random_network: \cf0 \
\
This is the basic code to perform simulation. This code generate single random network, and check if it is autocatalytic.  \
\
- \cf3 main_random_network\cf0 :  main script for simulation. \
\
\
- \cf3 get_cdf\cf0 : a subroutine that obtaining an cumulative distribution function (cdf) \
                   from a probability distribution function (pdf).\
\
- \cf3 power_law_weightling\cf0 :  a subroutine that generate a probability distribution (for all nodes) \
					    with weighting function follows power-law distribution.\
\
- \cf3 sub_AC_check\cf0 : a subroutine that checking if the input network is autocatalytic.\
\
- \cf3 reduction\cf0 : a subroutine to reduce the network (used for sub_AC_check)\
\
\
\cf2 2. Vary_mt_exponent: \cf0 \
\
This script generate a ensemble of random network, and test the autocatalytic probability among the ensemble.  It vary two parameters: (1) number of reaction fluxes in the system (2) the power-law exponent used in determining the maintenance node.   This script is used to generate Figure 4A. \
\
\cf2 3. Vary_dw_exponent: \cf0 \
\
This script generate a ensemble of random network, and test the autocatalytic probability among the ensemble.  It vary two parameters: (1) number of reaction fluxes in the system (2) the power-law exponent used in determining the downstream node.   This script is used to generate Figure 4B. \
}